http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghanistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenos_Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canberra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbados http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Brussels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmopan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto-Novo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasília
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkina_Faso http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouagadougou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burundi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujumbura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phnom_Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaoundé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'Djamena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chile http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comoros http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroni,_Comoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Rica http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_José,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djibouti http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djibouti_(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominica http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donetsk_People's_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donetsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Timor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salvador http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_China_(1915–16) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equatorial_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eritrea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiji http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libreville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(country) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tbilisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(country) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kutaisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenada http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George's,_Grenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conakry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea-Bissau http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bissau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Guyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiti http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-au-Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honduras http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegucigalpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Coast http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Coast http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamoussoukro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_the_Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosovo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyzstan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vientiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesotho http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maseru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monrovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libya http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antananarivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilongwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putrajaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mali http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouakchott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldova http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chișinău
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongolia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulaanbaatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montenegro http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morocco http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maputo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanmar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naypyidaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namibia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windhoek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaragua http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niger http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niamey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alofi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Korea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Cyprus http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat,_Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papua_New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Moresby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraguay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asunción
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_the_Congo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazzaville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kigali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Lucia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marino http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_San_Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Arabia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senegal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seychelles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Seychelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Leone http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovakia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratislava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubljana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Islands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honiara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somalia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogadishu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somaliland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hargeisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloemfontein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sudan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Jayawardenepura_Kotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suriname http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramaribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaziland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbabane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaziland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damascus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé_and_Príncipe http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tajikistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dushanbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_and_Tobago http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkmenistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashgabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Arab_Emirates http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/resource/London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uruguay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tashkent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanuatu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Vila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venezuela http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_Rabbuh_Mansur_Hadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana'a
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
