http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghanistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_afghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algerian_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angolan_kwanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentina http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentine_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_dram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijani_manat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahraini_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladeshi_taka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbados http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajan_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarus http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Belarusian_ruble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivian_boliviano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina_convertible_mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazilian_real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgarian_lev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkina_Faso http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burundi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burundian_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodian_riel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chile http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilean_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renminbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombian_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comoros http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comorian_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Rica http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Rican_colón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_kuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuban_convertible_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuban_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_koruna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congolese_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmark http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_krone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djibouti http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djiboutian_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominica http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Caribbean_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donetsk_People's_Republic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_ruble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Timor http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salvador http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_China_(1915–16) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equatorial_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eritrea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eritrean_nakfa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopian_birr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiji http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fijian_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFP_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISO_4217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(country) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgian_lari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_cedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greece http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenada http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Caribbean_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemalan_quetzal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinean_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea-Bissau http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyanese_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haiti http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haitian_gourde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honduras http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honduran_lempira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_forint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_rupee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesian_rupiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iranian_rial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraqi_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israeli_new_shekel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Coast http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaican_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordanian_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstani_tenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenyan_shilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosovo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwaiti_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyzstan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyzstani_som
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lao_kip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanese_pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesotho http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesotho_loti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberian_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libya http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyan_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malagasy_ariary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawian_kwacha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_ringgit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mali http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritanian_ouguiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritian_rupee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldova http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldovan_leu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongolia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongolian_tögrög
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montenegro http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morocco http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroccan_dirham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambican_metical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanmar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burmese_kyat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namibia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namibian_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepalese_rupee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISO_4217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaragua http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaraguan_córdoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niger http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigerian_naira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niue http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Korea http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Korean_won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Cyprus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_lira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_krone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omani_rial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistani_rupee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISO_4217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panamanian_balboa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papua_New_Guinea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papua_New_Guinean_kina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraguay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraguayan_guaraní
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peruvian_sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_złoty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatari_riyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Ireland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_the_Congo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanian_leu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_ruble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwandan_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Lucia http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Caribbean_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marino http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Arabia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_riyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senegal http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbian_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seychelles http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seychellois_rupee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Leone http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Leonean_leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovakia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Islands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Islands_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somalia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somali_shilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somaliland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somaliland_shilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korean_won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Korea http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISO_4217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sudan http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sudanese_pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lankan_rupee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudanese_pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suriname http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surinamese_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaziland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swazi_lilangeni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_krona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrian_pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé_and_Príncipe http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé_and_Príncipe_dobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Taiwan_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tajikistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzanian_shilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_baht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambian_dalasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togo http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFA_franc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_and_Tobago http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_and_Tobago_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisian_dinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_lira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkmenistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manat_(Turkmenistan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_hryvnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Arab_Emirates http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Arab_Emirates_dirham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uruguay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uruguayan_peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekistan_som
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanuatu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanuatu_vatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venezuela http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venezuelan_bolívar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemeni_rial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambian_kwacha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botswana_pula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_rand
