http://dbpedia.org/resource/1time_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hours_(newspaper) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28th_Air_Detachment http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2GO_(cargo_airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2nd_Arkhangelsk_United_Aviation_Division http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkhangelsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2nd_Sverdlovsk_Air_Enterprise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yekaterinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/748_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABA_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Air_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS_Jets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AB_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroni,_Comoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACES_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medellín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADC_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALK_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALS_–_Aircraft_Leasing_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANA_&_JP_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANA_Wings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AN_Tasrail http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston,_Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APA_International_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APEX_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APSA_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARP_410_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARY_Digital_Network http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASACO http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASKY_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASL_Airlines_Belgium http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liège
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASL_Airlines_Hungary http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASL_Airlines_Ireland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASTA_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuiabá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATAC_SpA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATA_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AV_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abakan-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abkhazian_railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Amiri_Flight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AbukumaExpress http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date,_Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accelerated_Christian_Education http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendersonville,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AccentHealth http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addleshaw_Booth_&_Co http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adygea_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maykop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero-Dienst http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroBratsk http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroCóndor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barranquilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroHonduras http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegucigalpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroTACA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_(Polish_airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poznań
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzini,_Swaziland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Asia_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_California http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Paz,_Baja_California_Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Caribbean http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Continente_Dominicana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Contractors_(Nigeria) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Cuahonte http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uruapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Majestic_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parañaque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Slovakia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Zambia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerochaco http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistencia,_Chaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerocon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_de_la_Sierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodavinci http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerofan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerogaviota http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerogem_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerogem_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolift http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolinee_Itavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolínea_de_Antioquia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medellín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolíneas_Ejecutivas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toluca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolíneas_Mas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolíneas_Paraguayas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolíneas_Sosa http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ceiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromak http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromar_Líneas_Aéreas_Dominicanas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromar_Líneas_Aéreas_Dominicanas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_los_Caballeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromist-Kharkiv http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromás http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroméxico_Connect http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronaves_Dominicanas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronica http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronáutica_(Angola) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroperlas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeropostal_Alas_de_Venezuela http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeropro http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerostar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerosvit_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerotarg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poznań
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerotur-KZ_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerovias_Minas_Gerais http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerovis_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerovías_Quisqueyana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aexpa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pereira,_Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affairs_Today http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affretair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Jet_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa's_Connection_STP http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_One http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_West_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_World_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Express_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_International_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrijet_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afriqiyah_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrique_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agderfly http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agefreco_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_et_Messageries_Aérienne_du_Zaïre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agni_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agra_Municipal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Market_Information_System http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Research_Institute_of_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agroar_Carga_Aérea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Évora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahora_Madrid http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirAsia_India http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirAsia_Japan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirAsia_Zest http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirClass_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Palmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirQuarius_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirTran_JetConnect http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_26 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Adriatic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rijeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Afrique http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Algérie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Alps http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Anatolia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Andalucia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Andorra http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Antilles_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe-à-Pitre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Arabia_Jordan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Armenia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Aruba http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranjestad,_Aruba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Astana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Asturias http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avilés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Atlanta_Icelandic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kópavogur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Atlantique http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_BC http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bagan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bashkortostan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Batumi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bee http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Berlin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bishkek http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Botswana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaborone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bourbon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroni,_Comoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bremen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Brousse http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bucharest http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Burkina http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouagadougou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cairo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_California http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Beach,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Calédonie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouméa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Canada http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Canada_Tango http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cargo_Carriers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Caribbean_(Trinidad_and_Tobago) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Carnival http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coimbatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Carolina http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Century http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Ceylon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Chang'an http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Chaparral http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno,_Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Charter_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Class_Líneas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Comet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Commerz http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Corridor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nampula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Costa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Costa_Rica http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_José,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Creebec http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val-d'Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Croatia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Côte_d'Ivoire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Do http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapporo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Dominicana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Dravida http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_East http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnstown,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Europe_(Italy) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Excel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Express_Algeria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Finland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Freight_NZ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Gaspé http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sept-Îles,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Gemini http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Georgian http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississauga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Greece http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraklion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Hamburg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Hokkaido http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakodate,_Hokkaido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Horizon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Illinois http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbondale,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_India http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_India_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_India_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_India_Regional http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Indus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Inuit http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Italy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Italy_Egypt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharm_el-Sheikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Ivoire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Jamaica_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Japan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita,_Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_KBZ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Kasaï http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Kazakhstan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Kerala http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Koryo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Kyrgyzstan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Leasing_Cameroon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Leisure http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Liberia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monrovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Libya http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benghazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Link http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Link_International_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Lipsia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Lithuania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Littoral http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Lituanica http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Malawi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilongwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mali_(1960–89) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mali_(2005) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Manas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Manchester http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mandalay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Marshall_Islands http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mauritius http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Memphis http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Midwest http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita,_Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Midwest_(Nigeria) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Minas_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Moldova http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chișinău
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Montmagny http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montmagny,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Namibia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windhoek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nelson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_New_Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nepal_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_New_Orleans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_New_Orleans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nicaragua http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nigeria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nippon_Network http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapporo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_North http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehorse,_Yukon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nunavut http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iqaluit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Nunavut http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_One_Nine_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Onix http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simferopol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Ontario http://dbpedia.org/resource/London,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Panamá_Internacional http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Paradise_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denpasar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Peace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Pegasus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Pennsylvania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Post http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Queensland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Republiq http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Rhodesia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Rum http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Satellite http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Comeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Scotland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Senok http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Service_Plus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pescara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Services_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Sinai http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Sofia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Somalia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogadishu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Southwest_(Canada) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilliwack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Spray http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Srpska http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banja_Luka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Sylhet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_São_Tomé_and_Príncipe http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tahoma http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tanzania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Timor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tindi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowknife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tropiques http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Trust http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Ukraine http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Universal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Urga http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kropyvnytskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_VIA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Vanuatu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Vila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Vegas http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Las_Vegas,_Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Vias http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Volga http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volgograd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_West http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Wisconsin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Zaïre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Zimbabwe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_–_Transport_Europe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poprad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airaia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airblue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircalin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouméa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft_Sales_and_Services_Limited http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircruising_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airest http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airfast_Indonesia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airkenya_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlink_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airlink_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airnorth http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin,_Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_Transport_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chūō,_Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship_Ventures http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_View,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airspeed_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtours_International_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airways_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airways_International_Cymru http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwork http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Dawood_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Naser_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlMasria_Universal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Anwa_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Día_(Philadelphia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jaber_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Maha_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Rais_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Wafeer_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alada http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladia_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alajnihah_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alania_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladikavkaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas_Nacionales http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas_Uruguay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaTac,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Central_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Coastal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juneau,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albarka_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Citylink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alidaunia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alitalia_CityLiner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkan_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehorse,_Yukon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AllBright_Law_Offices http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Nippon_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minato,_Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Allen,_Allen_&_Allen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_&_Gledhill http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Matkins_Leck_Gamble_Mallory_&_Natsis http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Electronics http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Worth,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provo,_Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alrosa-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhukovsky,_Moscow_Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alston_&_Bird http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Flights http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altair_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altheimer_&_Gray http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluko_&_Oyebode http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyemda http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amakusa_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amakusa,_Kumamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amapola_Flyg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarchand_&_Mangaldas_&_Suresh_A_Shroff_&_Co http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerer_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_West_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempe,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_West_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempe,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Flyers_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardmore,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerijet_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Gúm http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnadoluJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andes_Líneas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andorra_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Neocleous_&_Co http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limassol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angara_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irkutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angkasa_Pura http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola_Air_Charter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anikay_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annushka_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavropol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansett_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonov_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antrak_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apatas_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsara_International_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siem_Reap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquila_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArGo_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Wings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Sunwest_Charters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowknife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aria_(French_airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aria_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariana_Afghan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arik_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Airways_(1993–1996) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkaim_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenia_Aircompany http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_International_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Teasdale http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnoro http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aroostook_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presque_Isle,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artel_Staratelei_%22Amur%22_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artsakh_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepanakert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aruba_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranjestad,_Aruba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aserca_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia,_Carabobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Continental_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Wings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Wings_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asiana_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Askari_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawalpindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Education_Group http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerritos,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana_Economic_Forum http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thessaloniki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrakhan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrakhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ater_Wynne http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Air_Lift http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Airlines_(Nicaragua) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Airlines_(United_Kingdom) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Airlines_de_Honduras http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ceiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_City_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Express_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_North_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laconia,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Southeast_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_European_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AtlasGlobal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AtlasGlobal_Ukraine http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrak_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atruvera_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsumi_&_Sakai http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atyrau_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atyrau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audeli_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augsburg_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augsburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurela http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auric_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aus-Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_airExpress http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrojet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avensa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AviaSelva http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iquitos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avia_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranjestad,_Aruba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avia_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jönköping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avia_Traffic_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviaarktika http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviación_del_Noroeste http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermosillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviaco http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviacon_Zitotrans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yekaterinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviajet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avianca_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medellín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avianca_Costa_Rica http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_José,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avianca_Ecuador http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avianca_Honduras http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ceiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avianca_Nicaragua http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviapanh http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviaprad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yekaterinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviastar-TU http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhukovsky,_Moscow_Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviastar_(Indonesia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviavilsa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avient_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avies http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avioimpex http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avion_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviones_Comerciales_de_Guatemala_(Avcom) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avolar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_Lines_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayit_Aviation_and_Tourism http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beersheba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azman_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azmar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulaymaniyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azov_Avia_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melitopol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azzurra_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aéreo_Calafia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabo_San_Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aéreo_Servicio_Guerrero http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermosillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aéro-Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe-Noire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&H_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAL_Bashkirian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BA_CityFlyer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BB_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BCWest_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BH_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BQB_Líneas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babcock_Mission_Critical_Services_Offshore_Ltd. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BackpackersXpress http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baikal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irkutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker,_Donelson,_Bearman,_Caldwell_&_Berkowitz http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_&_McKenzie http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balch_&_Bingham http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkan_Bulgarian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banner_&_Witcoff http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Harbor_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baracuda_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona_en_Comú http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barents_AirLink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luleå
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnhill_&_McGee_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrier_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Line_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bek_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oral,_Kazakhstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarusian_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgian_International_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgorod_Air_Enterprise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgorod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Gully http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Air_Europe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellview_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bemidji_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bemidji,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin_Golf_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Jones http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Jones http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nome,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkut_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berline_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bestair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhoja_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhopal_Municipal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhopal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sky_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings,_Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sky_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bighorn_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biman_Bangladesh_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binter_Canarias http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgenair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_European_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Terminal_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bismillah_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake,_Cassels_&_Graydon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Morgan_LLP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blu_Telecommunications http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue1 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Dart_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_Aviation_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Wing_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramaribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Wings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocholt,_Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebird_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolivarian_Communication_and_Information_System http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boliviana_de_Aviación http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_de_la_Sierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond,_Schoeneck_&_King http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BonelliErede http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borajet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borneo_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri,_Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnian_Wand_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston-Maine_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botir-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowman_Gilfillan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braathens_Regional_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollhättan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braathens_Regional_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Arant_Boult_Cummings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braniff_(1983–1990) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braniff_(1983–1990) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braniff_(1991–1992) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branson_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_Air_Congo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bricker_&_Eckler http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Independent_Lists http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport_Traction_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_and_Exeter_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristow_Helicopters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristow_Norway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Asia_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Commonwealth_Pacific_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Gulf_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_and_Cassel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browne_Jacobson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownstein_Hyatt_Farber_Schreck http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brymon_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchalter_Nemer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Aircraft_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddle_Findlay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddle_Findlay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddle_Findlay http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Builder_Homesite http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukovyna_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernivtsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgarian_Air_Charter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunavad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bural http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulan-Ude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buraq_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burges_Salmon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkina_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouagadougou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burundaiavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Express_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Express_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branson,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAMIVA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambéry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAVOK_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CESNET http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHC_Helikopter_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CLASSA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMC_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_International_South_Asia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COTAIR http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSA_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Mountain,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTK_–_CiTylinK http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabo_Verde_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espargos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadwalader,_Wickersham_&_Taft http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahill_Gordon_&_Reindel http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Northern_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Pacific_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsbad,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calm_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson,_Manitoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camair-Co http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambrian_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_3000 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Council http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Deposit_Insurance_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Jetlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Air_Transport_Security_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Broadcast_Standards_Council http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Colonial_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_North http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Pacific_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Regional_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canarias_Regional_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_de_la_Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantor,_Stoneburner,_Ford,_Grana_&_Buckner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnstable,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Airlines_(Nigeria) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Cargo_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargo_360 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargo_Airways_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargo_Plus_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargoair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caricom_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramaribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dania_Beach,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpatair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timișoara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Ledyard_&_Milburn http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spokane,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspiy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aktau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akron,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caucasus_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayman_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Town,_Cayman_Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CemAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laramie,_Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worland,_Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center-South http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Worth,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Aérea_Limitada http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Charter_de_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Connect_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Oregon_Irrigation_District http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redmond,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceylon_Electricity_Board http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chabahar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chadbourne_&_Parke http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_Aero http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamberlain_Hrdlicka http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlan_Air_Charter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charter_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chautauqua_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelyabinsk_Air_Enterprise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelyabinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemins_de_fer_Orientaux http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernomor-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhattisgarh_Air_Link http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago,_Danville_and_Vincennes_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_and_Southern_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chim-Nir_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Cargo_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Eastern_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Express_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Flying_Dragon_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_General_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Northern_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Northwest_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Southern_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Southwest_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Yunnan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitaavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chita,_Zabaykalsky_Krai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_Spiritual_Technology http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemet,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuvashia_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheboksary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati_Street_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinco_Días http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinnamon_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City-Yuwa_Partners http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityRail http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Star_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_328 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobbetts http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochise_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colgan_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorful_Guizhou_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comair_(South_Africa) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comco http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena,_Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comlux http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zürich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comlux_Kazakhstan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poughkeepsie,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Airways_(South_Africa) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Impact_Newspaper http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pflugerville,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commuter_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binghamton,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comores_Aviation_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroni,_Comoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comoro_Islands_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroni,_Comoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagnie_Africaine_d'Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compañía_Aeronáutica_Uruguaya http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comtel_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conair_Group http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concors http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condor_Flugdienst http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condor_Syndikat http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubumbashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Air_Services,_Inc http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviasa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiquetía
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Grace_Ward_Lawyers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copa_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copa_Airlines_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen_AirTaxi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roskilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corendon_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporate_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings,_Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporate_Air_(Philippines) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings,_Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporate_Express_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrs_Chambers_Westgarth http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Rica_Skies http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_José,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costas_Kondylis http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cougar_Helicopters http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cravath,_Swaine_&_Moore http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cretan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraklion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimea_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simferopol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimea_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simferopol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubana_de_Aviación http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis,_Mallet-Prevost,_Colt_&_Mosle http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Turkish_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Amarchand_Mangaldas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Connect_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DANTE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DETA_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DF_Music_Organization http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_Aero_Expreso http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_Ecuador http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guayaquil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_de_Guatemala http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DLA_Piper_New_Zealand http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DWF_LLP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daallo_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagestan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makhachkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Herald_(Roanoke_Rapids) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke_Rapids,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Record_(Maryland) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan-Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lugano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasab_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dauair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lübeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dauria_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chita,_Zabaykalsky_Krai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davies_Ward_Phillips_&_Vineberg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Polk_&_Wardwell http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DayJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boca_Raton,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DayJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delray_Beach,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Brauw_Blackstone_Westbroek http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debevoise_&_Plimpton http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deccan_360 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deccan_Airways_Limited http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Connection_(Kenya) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deneys_Reitz_Inc http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Air_Shuttle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuket_(city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Luft_Hansa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Zeppelin_Reederei http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Zeppelin_Reederei http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrichshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewey_&_LeBoeuf http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewey_Ballantine http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dheeraj_and_East_Coast http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diexim_Expresso http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinar_Líneas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Aero_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Beach,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_XD_(Europe) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniproavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnipropetrovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_los_Caballeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Wings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominicana_de_Aviación http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donahue_Gallagher_Woods http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostov-on-Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donbassaero http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donetsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donghai_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douniah_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dove_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downeast_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drenair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_&_Napier http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drinker_Biddle_&_Reath http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Morris http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Royal_Air_Wing http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubrovnik_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubrovnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunedin_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunedin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duo_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusty_Owl http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Antilles_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Liner_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Atlantic_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East-West_Airlines_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamworth,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_African_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_African_Safari_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qurghonteppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Star_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Wing_(Kazakhstan) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastar_Jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Canada_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Shuttle_(bus_company) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_SkyJets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EasyFly http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eco_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecoair_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuatoriana_de_Aviación http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egged_(company) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egoli_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EgyptAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EgyptAir_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EgyptAir_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Nacional_(Caracas) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbee_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbrus-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellinair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thessaloniki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elrom_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarcadero_Media http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_Air_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emery_Worldwide http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwood_City,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_Post http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_SkyCargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden,_Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empresa_de_Transporte_Aéreo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emu_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enerjet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enimex http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enkor http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelyabinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envoy_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epoch_Times http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equaflight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe-Noire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Era_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eritrean_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esen_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essair_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etihad_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurasia_Aviation_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurex_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro-Asia_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atyrau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocypria_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larnaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurofly http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurojet_Romania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mönchengladbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Coastal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split,_Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Multidisciplinary_Seafloor_and_water_column_Observatory http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurowings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Düsseldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMinnville,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everjets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evidence_Aid http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evojets http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Aerospace http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express.Net_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExpressJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Park,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Freighters_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_One_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAI_rent-a-jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLYEST http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FMI_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FS_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Aviation_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Express_Cargo_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Families_Forward http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boca_Raton,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Eastern_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fasken_Martineau http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faso_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouagadougou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedEx_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federated_Malay_States_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana'a
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenwick_&_West http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_View,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filipinas_Orient_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finist'air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petaling_Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Nation_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_&_Phillips http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishtail_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FitsAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fjellfly http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flair_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelowna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flex_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Express,_Inc. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_West_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flightlink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Coastal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_West_International_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly-SAX http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly540 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly540_Angola http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyCongo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyEgypt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyLAL-Lithuanian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyMe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyMex http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toluca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyNonstop http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyOne http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chișinău
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyOristano http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oristano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyPelican http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle,_New_South_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlySafair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyWhoosh http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_All_Ways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramaribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Aruba http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranjestad,_Aruba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Baghdad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Blue_Crane http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Jamaica_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Lappeenranta http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lappeenranta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_My_Sky http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Romania http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Tiwi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin,_Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Wex http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brescia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Yeti http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyadeal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flydubai http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyglobespan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Dragon_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepalgunj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Tiger_Line http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flymojo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flynas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyways_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flywest http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brest,_France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formosa_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragomen,_Del_Rey,_Bernsen_&_Loewy http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freebird_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freehills http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fried,_Frank,_Harris,_Shriver_&_Jacobson http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Airlines_(1950–1986) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Flying_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbanks,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_Brown_Todd http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulbright_&_Jaworski http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusion_(TV_channel) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doral,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futura_Gael http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzhou_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Füritechnics http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMG_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GP_Express_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Island,_Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadair_European_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Airlines_(Japan) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Airlines_(Japan) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ōta,_Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Airlines_(Japan) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiyoda,_Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambia_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garuda_Indonesia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_State_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coeur_d'Alene,_Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Company_for_Ports_of_Iraq http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genex http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeorgiaSkies http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Southwestern_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germania_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germanwings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gestair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibbons_P.C. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_+_Tobin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginn_&_Co_Solicitors http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girjet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Air_(Australian_airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Aviation_and_Services_Group http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_International_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globemaster_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Albert,_Alberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glušica_Nikšić http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikšić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoJet_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeton,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldberg_Segalla http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Myanmar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Pacific_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingman,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Rule_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_West_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodmans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorkha_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Air_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_&_Eisenhofer http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington,_Delaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Business_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Plains_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Wall_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grossmann_Jet_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grozny_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grozny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GuardAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandefjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guine_Bissau_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bissau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guizhou_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadodara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gum_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramaribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunster_(law_firm) http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Palm_Beach,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyana_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Guyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior_Municipal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwalior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HD_Air_Ltd http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Products http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haaretz http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haarmann_Hemmelrath http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hageland_Aviation_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haikou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajvairy_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halcyonair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espargos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halliwells http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammonds http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hankyu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanshin_Electric_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanson_Bridgett http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Harbor,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Air_Seaplanes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harness,_Dickey_&_Pierce http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Beach http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Fox_Agency http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana_Power_Generation_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchkula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrace,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebei_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shijiazhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heisei_Chikuhō_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuchi,_Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heli_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heli_Malongo_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliandes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medellín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicol http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopters_(NZ) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_New_Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicópteros_de_Guatemala http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helijet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helitours http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemus_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhengzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengeler_Mueller http://dbpedia.org/resource/Düsseldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Smith_Freehills http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hevilift http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewa_Bora_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Dickinson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalaya_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinshaw_&_Culbertson_LLP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinterland_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisham_Mubarak_Law_Center http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoboken_Volunteer_Ambulance_Corps http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoboken,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_Czech_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HollandExel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongtu_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honigman_Miller_Schwartz_and_Cohn http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooters_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Beach,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaTac,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Airlines_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornbill_Skyways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houthoff_Buruma http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubli-Dharwad_Municipal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Hubbard_&_Reed http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_State_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunton_&_Williams http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husch_Blackwell http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBC_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRS_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IZair http://dbpedia.org/resource/İzmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberia_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberia_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibertrans_Aérea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibex_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrachy_&_Dermarkar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icar_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuzla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icaro_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illich-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariupol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iloilo-Negros_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iloilo_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsbad,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Centro,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Rule_Assistance_Association http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IndiGo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Airlines_(American_airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia_AirAsia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_Media_Group http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Development_and_Competitiveness_Center http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infrastructure_Sustainability_Council_of_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Yuzek http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Initiative_for_Science_in_Europe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Play http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institution_Quraysh_for_Law_&_Policy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integra_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter-Canadien http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_European_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Trans_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Trans_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interair_South_Africa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercontinental_de_Aviación http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interivoire http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interlink_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermediación_Aérea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Brazilian_Jiu-Jitsu_Federation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Railway_(New_York–Ontario) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Student_Identity_Card http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inversija http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IrAero http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irkutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Air_Tours http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Aseman_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Post http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraqi_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraqi_Post http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraqi_Telecommunications_and_Post_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irell_&_Manella http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Mitchell http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishtar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnstable,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlevoix,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Express_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotsford,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islas_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_de_Tenerife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israir_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ItAli_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italy_First_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itapemirim_Transportes_Aéreos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itek_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izhavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izhevsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J-Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeda,_Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAINA http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JALways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita,_Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabalpur_Municipal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Lewis http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Plains,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville_Area_Legal_Aid http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Cargo_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagson_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jal_Hans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Air_Shuttle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jambojet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Air_Commuter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirishima,_Kagoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Air_System http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Airlines_Domestic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Asia_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Asia_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Transocean_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaro_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jat_Airways_AVIO_taxi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vršac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JeTran_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeju_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeju_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenner_&_Block http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet2.com http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet4you http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JetLink_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JetLite http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_24 http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_America_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_Hill,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zürich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Link_Holland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetair_(Germany) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetconnect http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetsgo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetstar_Japan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita,_Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jett8_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhansi_Municipal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhonlin_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjarmasin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jobcentre_Plus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foy_and_Associates,_PC http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_&_Bell_LTD http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnsons_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_International_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubba_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juneyao_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K&L_Gates http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAPO_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyumen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAS_Air_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KD_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KD_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliningrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KF_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelowna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLM_Helikopters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KNILM http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabo_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalahari_Express_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windhoek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliningrad_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliningrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalitta_Charters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ypsilanti,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalstar_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Tangerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalstar_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaltim_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karibu_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karthago_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayala_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaz_Air_Trans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazaviaspas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keewatin_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keker_&_Van_Nest http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemerovo_Aviation_Enterprise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemerovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendell_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagga_Wagga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenna_Partners http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Civil_Aviation_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Ports_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mombasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Urban_Road_Transport_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kereta_Api_Indonesia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keretapi_Tanah_Melayu http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley,_Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifa_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khors_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khozu_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khyber_Afghan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalalabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilpatrick_Townsend_&_Stockton http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_&_Chang http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkland_&_Ellis http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirov_Air_Enterprise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirov,_Kirov_Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kish_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kish,_Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kita-Osaka_Kyuko_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyonaka,_Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Hawk_Aircargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grapevine,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivalliq_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivu_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwi_International_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiaviatrans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syktyvkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiinteravia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syktyvkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konvers_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenay_Direct_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KoralBlue_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_National_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korongo_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubumbashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosova_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KrasAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KrasAvia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krohn_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuban_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnodar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulula.com http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurdistan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kutak_Rock http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyz_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyz_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyz_Trans_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrgyzstan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L-3_Flight_International_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_News,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A.B._Flying_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAI_–_Línea_Aérea_IAACA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barinas,_Barinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAM_Mozambique_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maputo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LANICA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAPE http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LASER_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LATAM_Cargo_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LATAM_Chile http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Condes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LATAM_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LATAM_Ecuador http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guayaquil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LTU_Austria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LTU_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Düsseldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Central_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_Lake,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lang_Michener http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lao_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vientiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lao_Central_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vientiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lao_Skyway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vientiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laoag_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laoag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapsa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeBoeuf,_Lamb,_Greene_&_MacRae http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lease_Corporation_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Fans_Utd http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levy_Konigsberg http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyan_Arab_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieff_Cabraser_Heimann_&_Bernstein http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligne_Aérienne_du_Roi_Albert http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lignes_Aériennes_Congolaises_(1997–2003) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lignes_Aériennes_Congolaises_(2005–2013) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linhas_Aéreas_Natal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juiz_de_Fora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Link_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratmalana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zürich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston_Energy_Flight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Aéreo_Boliviano http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochabamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locke_Lord http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loong_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Day_&_Lord http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyens_&_Loeff http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luce,_Forward,_Hamilton_&_Scripps http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow_Municipal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludington_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luftfahrtgesellschaft_Walter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dortmund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufthansa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufthansa_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufthansa_Italia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufttransport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tromsø
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufttransport_Süd http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukiaviatrans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pskov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxor_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynden_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynx_Air_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Líder_Aviação http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Línea_Aérea_Cuencana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuenca,_Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Línea_Aérea_de_Entre_Ríos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraná,_Entre_Ríos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Línea_Turística_Aereotuy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Líneas_Aéreas_La_Urraca http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villavicencio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Líneas_Aéreas_Suramericanas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAP_Jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAP_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MASwings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAT_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAT_Macedonian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAXavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAYAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancún
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MHS_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MNG_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Pakistan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Southeast_Asia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Türkiye http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacAir_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackey_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madina_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestro_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Bird http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Blue_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahalo_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahan_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahfooz_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainland_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunedin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mais_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makalu_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilongwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia–Singapore_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malert http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mali_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mali_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mali_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malift_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malindo_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petaling_Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malév_Hungarian_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manang_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manas_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manatt,_Phelps_&_Phillips http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus_Aerotáxi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Corporation_Tramways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchuria_Aviation_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalam_Publications http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottayam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalore_City_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mango_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_Yadanarpon_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Island_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Central_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarkAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marks_&_Clerk http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_RK http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsland_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masuda_Funai http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Blackburn_(law_firm) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxair_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Island_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belize_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynard,_Cooper_&_Gale,_P.C. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazzoni_Center http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAndrews,_Held_&_Malloy http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarter_&_English http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDermott_Will_&_Emery http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGee_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGuireWoods http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Med-View_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Med_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medallion_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meelad_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Aircompany http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megantara_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melilla_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meraj_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meraj_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azadi_Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchant_Express_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridiana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings,_Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merpati_Nusantara_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merseyside_Development_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grapevine,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Transit_(Minnesota) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Street_Railway_(Toronto) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Water_District_of_Southern_California http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MexicanaLink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalajara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Atlantic_Freight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_East_Jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Pacific_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Pacific_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midex_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_Airlines_(1976–1991) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Creek,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Airlines_(Egypt) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Connect http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Creek,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihin_Lanka http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milbank,_Tweed,_Hadley_&_McCloy http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller,_Canfield,_Paddock_&_Stone http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_&_Martin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattanooga,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Thomson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Oakley http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MiniLiner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Finance_(Ontario) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Science_and_Technology_(Taiwan) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoan_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraklion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mint_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MinterEllison http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misr_Overseas_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Valley_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moline,_Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Valley_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Crosse,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistral_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchells_Roberton http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ModiLuft http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithaca,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utica,_New_York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch_Airlines_(1946–1950) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agadir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Austria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montenegro_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordovia_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saransk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_Lewis_&_Bockius http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_&_Morgan_PA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Hamada_&_Matsumoto http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Hamada_&_Matsumoto http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiyoda,_Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroccan_Airports_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_&_Foerster http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mossack_Fonseca http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Sich_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaporizhia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cook_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moçambique_Expresso http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beira,_Mozambique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munger,_Tolles_&_Olson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murgitroyd http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyCargo_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyTravelLite_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyTravel_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanmar_Airways_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanmar_National_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mýflug http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akureyri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAC_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NATO_Communications_and_Information_Systems_Services_Agency http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEPC_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NIGCOMSAT http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakanihon_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namibia_Commercial_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windhoek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_metropolitan_railway_service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_County_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mount,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Chattanooga_and_St._Louis_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Airlines_(N8) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Airways_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Airways_Ethiopia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Capital_FreeNet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Household_Targeting_System_for_Poverty_Reduction http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_for_Smart_Government http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationwide_Airlines_(South_Africa) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationwide_Airlines_(Zambia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_José,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturelink_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayzak_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesma_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetJets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands_Organisation_for_Applied_Scientific_Research http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Central_Airservice http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryūgasaki,_Ibaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_&_Western_Air_Transportation_Co. http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mexico_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_National_Airways_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Unlimited http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nex_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaragüense_de_Aviación http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightexpress http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nile_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Cargo_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita,_Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishimura_&_Asahi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noerr http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolinor_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolisair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabel,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noordzee_Helikopters_Vlaanderen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorOntair http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bay,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norcanair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord-Flyg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskilstuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NordStar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norilsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkhangelsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordeste_Linhas_Aéreas_Regionais http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Business_Forum http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyväskylä
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Global_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Regional_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norlandair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akureyri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norrlandsflyg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norse_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandefjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Canada_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clintonville,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Country_Cinema http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Cyprus_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Oil_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Airlines_(China) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Airlines_(UK) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_upon_Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Bolivian_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochabamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Express_Regional_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Thunderbird_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Air_Base http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrozavodsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagan,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouvelair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monastir,_Tunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novoair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nusantara_Buana_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Connor_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gambier,_South_Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OKI_Air_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OLT_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gdańsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OLT_Express_Germany http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OYO_Rooms http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brescia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Film_Development_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuttack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_&_Gas_Journal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Town_Trolley_Tours_of_St._Augustine http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_West,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Town_Trolley_Tours_of_St._Augustine http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augustine,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat,_Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_Air_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omskavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Air_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pescara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onur_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oppenhoff_&_Partner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimates http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenburzhye http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organização_Mineira_de_Transportes_Aéreos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Air_Bridge http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ōmura,_Nagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_Pacific_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_New_Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Originair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson,_New_Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osh-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osler,_Hoskin_&_Harcourt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa_Housing_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_National_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OzJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark_Actors_Theatre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PANH http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulan-Ude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAWA_Dominicana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PLUNA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PLUS_Expressways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petaling_Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRiMA_Aero_Trasporti_Italiani http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSA_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandalia,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pace_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston-Salem,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_American_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burbank,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Coach_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Coastal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Southwest_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Western_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Wings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacificair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Aviators_&_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine_Post http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Bireh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamir_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_American_Airways_(1996–1998) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doral,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_American_Airways_(1998–2004) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_American_World_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Européenne_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambéry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panavia_(Panama) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhandle_and_Santa_Fe_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarillo,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parcelair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmerston_North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasargad_Airline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascan_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longueuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson_Belknap_Webb_&_Tyler http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PauknAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul,_Weiss,_Rifkind,_Wharton_&_Garrison http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hastings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payam_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin,_Northern_Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegas_Fly http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasus_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelangi_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pem-Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PenAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Front_(British_Columbia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Viennaline http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Express_Airlines_(1980s) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Express_Airlines_(2010s) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_News,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perimeter_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perm_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delray_Beach,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petro_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_Helicopters_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette,_Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Transportation_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Postal_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines_AirAsia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines_AirAsia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebus_Apollo_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartersville,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury,_Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont_Airlines_(1948–89) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston-Salem,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Plus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant_Engineering_and_Maintenance_Association_of_Canada http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississauga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Partners http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playhouse_Disney http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burbank,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Servicios_Aéreos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Development_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polet_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Authority_of_New_York_and_New_Jersey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poste_Maroc http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_River,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pravasi_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidente_Transportes_Aéreos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidente_Prudente,_São_Paulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Airways_(charter) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prima_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_de_Compostela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primera_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princely_Jets http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Jet_Expeditions http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Jet_Expeditions http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita,_Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privredni_vjesnik http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proflight_Zambia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Harar http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albacete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronto_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proskauer_Rose http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prostitution_Research_and_Education_(organization) http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provincial_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pskovavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pskov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_Maritime_Transport_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fajardo,_Puerto_Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puget_Sound_Business_Journal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune_Mahanagar_Parivahan_Mahamandal_Limited http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyrenair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huesca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QantasLink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qantas_Freight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Amiri_Flight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Executive http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qazaq_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qcity_Transit http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queanbeyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeshm_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadro-Aero http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebecair_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Ancienne-Lorette,_Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuikAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quikjet_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinn_Emanuel_Urquhart_&_Sullivan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R1_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RACSA_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guatemala_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMA_Gold_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUTACA_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Bolívar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RailCorp http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainforest_Partnership http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajah_&_Tann_Asia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravn_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawalpindi_Development_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawalpindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raya_Jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayani_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Alam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayyan_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cross_Youth_(Philippines) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sea_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rediske_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldotna,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeve_Aleutian_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regentair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Air_(Kenya) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Airlines_(France) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliant_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury,_Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religious_Technology_Center http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemet,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno,_Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republicair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toluca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_&_Branding_Group http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodesia_United_Air_Carriers http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodesian_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riau_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekanbaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_International_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rico_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killeen,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Sul_Serviços_Aéreos_Regionais http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivne_Universal_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Hawaii http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_&_Wells http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Law_Firm http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rock,_Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossair_(Australia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossiya_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotana_Jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Air_Lao http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vientiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Air_Maroc http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Air_Maroc_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Aruban_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranjestad,_Aruba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Flight_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Jordanian http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Wings http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royale_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shreveport,_Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Star_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_McVeagh http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russia_Jet_Direct http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Airline_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryukyu_Air_Commuter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SACO_(Colombia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SADELCA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAEREO http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAETA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAHSA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegucigalpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAM_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAM_Intercontinental http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAN_Ecuador http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guayaquil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAPSAN http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SARO_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SARPA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medellín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SATENA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SATSair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAT_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAVAG_–_Sociedade_Anônima_Viação_Aérea_Gaúcha http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande,_Rio_Grande_do_Sul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCADTA http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barranquilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCAT_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shymkent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNAS_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STP_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_Tomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabah_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabang_Merauke_Raya_Air_Charter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeaga_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_Plus http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safarilink_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safi_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safi_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safiran_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saga_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saha_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saicus_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Palmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakha_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakhalin_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sama_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dammam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samara_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samara,_Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_and_Oakland_Helicopter_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Juan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sands_Anderson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansa_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_José,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratov_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satgur_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monrovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Air_Ambulance http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Red_Crescent_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudigulf http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dammam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaxonAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayakhat_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayany_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irkutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandjet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schiff_Hardin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schnader_Harrison_Segal_&_Lewis http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoenherr_(law_firm) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schulte_Roth_&_Zabel http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwabe,_Williamson_&_Wyatt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scibe_Airlift http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpion_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Canals http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaCoast_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaPort_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabird_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagle_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenčín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seair_Pacific http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast,_Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seair_Seaplanes http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Securities_Commission_(Brazil) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segal_McCambridge_Singer_&_Mahoney http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selman_Munson_&_Lerner http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semeyavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semple_Fraser http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serene_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servant_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodiak,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servicios_Aéreos_Profesionales http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servivensa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serviços_Aéreos_Cruzeiro_do_Sul http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seulawah_Nad_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Jakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Health_Resource_Centre http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seyfarth_Shaw http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shagin_Law_Group http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheen_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandong_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shant_TV http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanxi_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shardul_Amarchand_Mangaldas_&_Co http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SheKnows_Media http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsdale,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shea_&_Gould http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearman_&_Sterling http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Aircraft http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_&_Howard http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Trauma_Air_Rescue_Society http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shook,_Hardy_&_Bacon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibaviatrans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibia_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurgan,_Kurgan_Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sichuan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideral_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/São_José_dos_Pinhais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidley_Austin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Pacific_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SilkAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sills_Cummis_&_Gross http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark,_New_Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Air_(Czech_Republic) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Air_(US) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Barbara,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Sky_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendoza,_Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverfly_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simargl_Air_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavropol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmons_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplifly_Deccan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Grierson http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Thacher_&_Bartlett http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Airlines_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sita_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sive,_Paget_&_Riesel http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skadden,_Arps,_Slate,_Meagher_&_Flom http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skol_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyAirWorld http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyBus_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyLink_Arabia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyTaxi_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrocław
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyValue http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyWest_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George,_Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Angkor_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siem_Reap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Bishkek http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishkek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Cabs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Express_(Greece) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraklion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Gate_International_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Greenland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Lease_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Pasada http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quezon_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Regional_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Service_(Kazakhstan) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Service_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Srpska http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banja_Luka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Trek_International_Air_Lines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybus_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skycraft_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylan_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_(Nigeria) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_(Sweden) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skymark_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ōta,_Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skymaster_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skynet_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skypower_Express_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyservice http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skytrans_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyway_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Creek,_Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyway_Enterprises http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissimmee,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skywise_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slick_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slov-Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Planet_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Planet_Airlines_(Germany) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Aviation_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartlynx_Airlines_Estonia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolenskaerotrans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowbird_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soder_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_América http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Dominicana_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Romana,_Dominican_Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaseed_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyazaki,_Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solenta_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honiara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somali_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogadishu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SonAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbird_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonicblue_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonnenschein_Nath_&_Rosenthal http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosoliso_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempton_Park,_Gauteng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Red_Cross_Air_Mercy_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Atlantic_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz_de_Tenerife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carolina_Railroad http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_South_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Caucasus_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Oil_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pacific_Island_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Phoenix_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largo,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Air_Transport http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Airways_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Air_Fast_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa,_Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spantax http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specavia_Air_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volgograd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpiceJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramar,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Airlines_Japan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita,_Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squire_Patton_Boggs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Petersburg–Tampa_Airboat_Line http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_in_Hull http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_upon_Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star1_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Air_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbow http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starline.kz http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Bar_of_California http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_General_Reserve_Fund http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscat,_Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Organization_for_Marketing_of_Oil http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stibbe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stikeman_Elliott http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobart_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoel_Rives http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradling_Yocca_Carlson_&_Rauth http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Beach,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroock_&_Stroock_&_Lavan http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Senate_for_California_Community_Colleges http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_One_Eighty_Nine http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Air_Freight http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_&_Cromwell http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowknife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Helicopters http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowknife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunExpress http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunExpress_Deutschland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Air_(Sudan) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Air_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dania_Beach,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Country_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagan,_Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_d'Or http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundance_Air_Venezuela http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shymkent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundsvallsflyg http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundsvall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunstate_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunwing_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Aviation_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansing,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surinam_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramaribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanberg_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaziland_Airlink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzini,_Swaziland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Air_Malawi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilongwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiftair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syphax_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sfax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrian_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sólyom_Hungarian_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sørfly http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T'way_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAAG_Angola_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TACA_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAC_Colombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAC_–_Transportes_Aéreos_Catarinense http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florianópolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAME http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEAL http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEAM_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TLT_LLP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMI_Associates http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMI_Associates http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minato,_Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMK_Air_Commuter http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahmid_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahoe_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elko,_Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tailwind_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tailwind_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TajAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambov-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamir_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tel_Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzanair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_es_Salaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taquan_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchikan,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarco_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarhan_Tower_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TasRail http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston,_Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmanian_Government_Railways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston,_Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tassili_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavaj_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavrey_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teebah_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele-TV http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele-TV http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele-TV http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenfield http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoxville,_Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tepper_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestview,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_3/50_Project http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agricultural_Credit_Cooperatives_of_Turkey http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Australian_Financial_Review http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Japan_Times http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Japan_Times http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Onion http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_Media http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sam_Bernstein_Law_Firm http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmington_Hills,_Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Dorfman_Sweatman http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiara_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranjestad,_Aruba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticos_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Ana,_Costa_Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerair_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerair_Taiwan http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigris_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillinghast_Licht http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence,_Rhode_Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timor_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Global_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomsk_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomsk_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tor_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Railway_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_and_York_Radial_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourism_Queensland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tramon_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TranStar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Florida_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daytona_Beach,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransAVIAexport_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransAsia_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransNusa_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kupang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Air_Congo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe-Noire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Executive_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Nation_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Service_Airlift http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_States_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeton,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transaero http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transair-Gyraintiee http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkhangelsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcarga http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transdev_Auckland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transdev_Wellington http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmeridian_Air_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transportes_Aéreos_Bolivianos http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochabamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transportes_Aéreos_Nacional http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo_Horizonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transportes_Aéreos_Nacionales http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegucigalpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transwede_Airways_(2005–10) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transwest_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert,_Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transwestern_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tranz_Metro http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverhampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Service_(Hungary) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Service_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveline_Cymru http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriStar_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_and_Tobago_Air_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristar_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropic_Ocean_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trowers_&_Hamlins http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TruJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulpar_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisair_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisian_Internet_Agency http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Space_Systems,_Integration_and_Test_Center http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turku_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkuaz_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tus_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larnaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuva_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyzyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Cities_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrolean_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrolean_Jet_Services http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Land_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ULS_Airlines_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UM_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPS_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US-Bangla_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempe,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Airways_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempe,_Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Helicopter http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTair_Cargo http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyumen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTair_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syktyvkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine_Air_Alliance http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine_Air_Enterprise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boryspil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine_International_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_Cargo_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrvozdukhput http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulendo_Airlink http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilongwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Air_Shuttle http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni-Top_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Labor_Party_(California) http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Libya_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benghazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upali_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uraiavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyumen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ural_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yekaterinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urumqi_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ürümqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden,_Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VASD_–_Viação_Aérea_Santos_Dumont http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VG_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIP_Ecuador http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VLM_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Air_Europe http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Island_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_River,_British_Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City,_Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita,_Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varig http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veca_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venezolana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maracaibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vensecar_Internacional http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura_AirConnect http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veritair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_de_Aviación http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertir_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestia_(public_housing_organization) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veteran_Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViaAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maitland,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viaggio_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viasa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_News http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viceland http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vildanden_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Props_and_Jets http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Smyrna_Beach,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_America http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlingame,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Australia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Australia_Airlines_(NZ) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Australia_Regional_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Galactic http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Samoa http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VisionSpring http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Air_International http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Las_Vegas,_Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vistara http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VivaColombia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medellín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Air_Dominicana http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vizion_air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladivostok_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladivostok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voisinc http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VolAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volare_Airlines_(Ukraine) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga-Dnepr_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulyanovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vologda_Aviation_Enterprise http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vologda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volotea http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorys,_Sater,_Seymour_and_Pease http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_Aviation_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyageur_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bay,_Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyborg_(airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WDL_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIKING_Helikopter_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wachtell,_Lipton,_Rosen_&_Katz http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltair_(DR_Congo) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter,_Conston,_Alexander_&_Green http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wamos_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wardair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasaya_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wat_Phnom_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siem_Reap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Utilities_Corporation_(Botswana) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaborone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Utilities_Corporation_(Botswana) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francistown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterfront_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebJet_Linhas_Aéreas http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_de_Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webber_Wentzel http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weightmans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weil,_Gotshal_&_Manges http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington_and_Manawatu_Railway_Company http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werksmans http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WestJet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WestJet_Encore http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_African_Airways_Corporation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Air_(China) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Air_(United_States) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Air_Sweden http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Caribbean_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medellín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Norway_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wind_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wing_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westair_Benin http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westcoast_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Airlines_(2007) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham,_Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weststar_Aviation_(Malaysia) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_Airways_(Nebraska) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottsbluff,_Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_&_Case http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_and_Williams_LLP http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiggins_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_New_Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Mullen http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Sonsini_Goodrich_&_Rosati http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimbi_Dira_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinshasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Jet http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingo_(Airline) http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogotá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingo_xprs http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Aviation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Alaska http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavus,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizz_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizz_Air_Bulgaria http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Womble_Carlyle_Sandridge_&_Rice http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston-Salem,_North_Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_City,_Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wragge_&_Co http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Air_Service http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbanks,_Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WriteAPrisoner.com http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewater,_Volusia_County,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XOJET http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane,_California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xeric_Foundation http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton,_Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XiamenAir http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtra_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Gables,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutia_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutian_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamal_Railway http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novy_Urengoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanair http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangtze_River_Express http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroslavl_Global_Policy_Forum http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroslavl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Air_Taxi http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Lauderdale,_Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemenia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana'a
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongnam_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan-Avia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeti_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yibada http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ying'an_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pu'er_City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_United http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yulchon http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzhmashavia http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnipropetrovsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZAS_Airline_of_Egypt http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagros_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambezi_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambezi_River_Authority http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambia_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambia_Skyways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambian_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapolyariye http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnoyarsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zav_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhejiang_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongyuan_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhengzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe_Express_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_Air http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurgaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_Airlines http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_Airways http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/А21ТВ_АРМЕНИЯ http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan
